=head0 Some Document

Z<startofdocument>

Here is some ignorable text.

=head1 A Heading

Z<next_heading>

This is part of some document (L<startofdocument>; A<startofdocument>).

=begin programlisting

  "This text should not be escaped -- it is normal $text."

    #!/bin/perl does need escaping, as do \ (backslashes)

=end programlisting

  This indented text should come through unmodified too -- it is also "normal"
  $text.

=begin screen

  This should also be $unm0d+ified

=end screen

=begin blockquote

Blockquoted text may or may not need "escaped".  I haven't decided.

=end blockquote

=head2 B heading

Z<slightly complex?heading>

Encode the noble octothorpe, #, and the slash used for escaping: \.  There are
lots of other escapable characters, including $ & % and _.  The curly braces,
{}, get escaped too.  The tilde, ~, has something special too.

"The interesting thing is that when you use double quotes," he said, "they turn
into double single quotes going in the correct direction."

The caret ^ is interesting too.

(A<slightly complex?heading> links to this section! L<next_heading> links to
the previous.)

=head3 c heading

When you leave out words, add an ellipsis... and get out an escaped version.

Words like flame, filk, and ineffable have interesting ligatures -- and you
need a bit of work to make the typography work out nicely.

Diacritics are more difficult E<aacute> la the naE<iuml>ve attachE<egrave> and
the E<copy> caper, E<plusmn> some constant.  FranE<ccedilla>aise has some fun
ones.

=for sidebar

Hello, this is a sidebar

=end
